Add endpoints to LIP 0052 (#430)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0052.md

### Endpoints for Off-Chain Services

This section specifies the non-trivial or recommended endpoints of the NFT module and does not include all endpoints. 

#### hasNFT

> This function checks whether an NFT is owned by a specific user.

Reviewer: I would be slightly more specific and aligned with the implementation and say:
"This function checks whether an NFT exists and is owned by a specific user."

Author: Done.

#### getNFT

> This function returns NFT substore information for a provided NFT ID.

Reviewer: The implementation also returns the locking module from the user substore. I would modify the sentence to:
"This function returns NFT and user substore information for a provided NFT ID."

Author: Done.

#### getNFTs 

> This function returns NFT substore information about all NFTs owned by a specific user.

Reviewer: Again, the locking module is included.

Author: Done.

### Endpoints for Off-Chain Services

This section specifies the non-trivial or recommended endpoints of the NFT module and does not include all endpoints. 

#### hasNFT

This function checks whether an NFT exists and is owned by a specific user.

```python
def hasNFT(address: Address, nftID: NFTID) -> bool:
    if NFTStore[nftID] does not exist:
        return False
    return NFTStore[nftID].owner == address
```

#### getNFT

> This function returns NFT and user substores information for a provided NFT ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function returns NFT and user substores information for a provided `nftID`.
```

> This function checks, for a provided NFT ID, whether an NFT exists and returns NFT and user substores information.

Author: Yes, it is probably more readable that way, will make the change. Thx

> This function checks, for a provided NFT ID, whether an NFT exists and returns NFT and user substores information.

Author: Done, please check.

```python
def getNFT(nftID: NFTID) -> dict:
    if NFTStore[nftID] does not exist:
        raise Exception("NFT substore entry does not exist")
    owner = NFTStore[nftID].owner    
    attributesArray = [
            {
                "module": attribute.module,
                "attributes": attribute.attributes
            }
            for attribute in NFTStore[nftID].attributesArray
    ]
    nftIDInfo = {
        "owner": owner,
        "attributesArray": attributesArray
    }

>     if len(owner) == LENGTH_ADDRESS:

Reviewer: I see now that this check is not in the SDK (see [here](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/883430a25a1f0744892fb275854f29aa1af42209/framework/src/modules/nft/endpoint.ts#L116)). But from what I can see the check is necessary for the case of escrowed NFTs. I think you should let the SDK know that the endpoint has a mistake and should be updated.

Author: Yes, I was aware of that miss by SDK, but it seemed minor. On the other look, it is not hard to incorporate it in the SDK, so I will notify them about it.

Author: As pointed out by @has5aan, this issue is already resolved in SDK (see [here](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/pull/8716)), so I am resolving this conversation.

        lockingModule = userStore[owner, nftID].lockingModule 
        nftIDInfo["lockingModule"] = lockingModule
    return nftIDInfo
```

#### getNFTs 

This function returns NFT and user substores information for all NFTs owned by a specific user.

```python
def getNFTs(address: Address) -> list[dict]:
    ownedNFTIDs = [nftID for nftID in NFTStore if NFTStore[nftID].owner == address]
    ownedNFTIDsInfo = []
    for nftID in ownedNFTIDs:
        attributesArray = [
            {
                "module": attribute.module,
                "attributes": attribute.attributes
            }
            for attribute in NFTStore[nftID].attributesArray
        ]
        lockingModule = userStore[address, nftID].lockingModule
        ownedNFTIDInfo = {
            "nftID": nftID,
            "attributesArray": attributesArray,
            "lockingModule": lockingModule
        }
        ownedNFTIDsInfo.append(ownedNFTIDInfo)
    return ownedNFTIDsInfo
```

#### getEscrowedNFTIDs

> This function returns a list of all escrowed native NFTs for a given chain ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function returns a list of all escrowed native NFTs for a given `chainID`.
```
